Runs migration script (#251)
neptune-ai/examples: utils/migration_tools/from_another_project/README.md

# Exporting Runs

This script allows you to export runs from one project to another within the same or different workspaces. Please note that this script is currently in beta, and we welcome your feedback and contributions to help improve it.

## Prerequisites

Before using this script, make sure you have the the Neptune environment variables set up. Refer to the [installation documentation](https://docs.neptune.ai/setup/installation/) for instructions.

Additionally, ensure that the project you want to copy runs to has already been created.

## Instructions

To use the script, follow these steps:

1. Run `runs_migrator.py`.
2. Enter the project names from and to which you want to copy the runs, using the format `WORKSPACE_NAME/PROJECT_NAME`.
3. The script will generate run logs in the same folder as `runs_migrator.py`. You can modify this location by editing the `logging.basicConfig()` function.

## Note

There are a few things to keep in mind when using this script:

- Currently, only run metadata is copied. Project and model metadata are not copied.
- Most of the namespaces from the original runs will be retained in the new runs, except for the following:
  - `sys` namespaces:

>     - The `state` namespace cannot be copied.
>     - The `description`, `name`, `custom_run_id`, and `tags` namespaces are copied to the `sys` namespace in the new run.
>     - All other namespaces are copied to a new `old_sys` namespace in the new run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `state` field cannot be copied.
    - The `description`, `name`, `custom_run_id`, and `tags` fields are copied to the `sys` namespace in the new run.
    - All other fields are copied to a new `old_sys` namespace in the new run.
```
